# Meeting Agenda - Tuesday 5th October 2021

1. Linux/Git Session
	* What's being covered
	* When
	* Where
	* Session plan
	* Just me talking, or do others want to take over?
		* Josh interested
		* Luka interested
	* A32 1pm-4pm
	* Put up a poll for availability
	* give out the .iso link
2. Meeting with Isaac
	* Session 2 pushed back
		* *Sunday 24th Deadline*
3. Session 2 Progress Check
	* How's Jacob doing so far
	* Decide when to talk to Jamie about content
		* Week beginning 18th meet with jamie
	* Are we doing it in the quiz style?
4. What is happening with Session 3?
	* Worth having a meeting with Tim at some point, early on, to see what
	  he thinks about it
	* Could we do a maths feedback session?

* Luke interested in doing talks for mentor scheme
	* Worth speaking to hacksoc about this

* Josh is working on getting 24hrs

* Late night games session
