# Meeting Notes - Saturday 25th September 2021

*Attendees: Archie, Aidan, Luke*

- Luka's event
	- Just the scavenger hunt
	- Kinda need to figure that one out so everyone's on the same page
	- What time should mentors be there
	- Are we gonna do shifts
	- How many people are coming
	- How many mentors are coming
		- Space them out throughout the day

## UNIX Quiz

To be written by **Archie**, Deadline: **Sunday 3rd**.

Training for the mentors will be **Wednesday 6th Oct**, with actual event on **Wednesday 13th**.

* Needs to cover basic UNIX command line operation
	* This would be best addressed as a handout instead of a worksheet
* Quiz part will be split up into a series of tasks
	* "Clone this repo, run the code. Do a branch, make an edit, commit, merge back into master."
	* Git-based tasks allow students to get familiar with using the command line, as well as Git
* Will also have an advanced section, containing:
	* Piping
	* Chaining commands
	* Bash scripting
	* Aliasing
	* Makefiles
	* `&&` vs `;`

## C Programming Quiz

To be written by **Jacob**, Deadline: **Sunday 17th**
Training for the mentors will be **Wednesday 20th Oct**, with actual event on **Wednesday 27th**.

* Covered in more detail at a later date closer to the time
	* Gives an opportunity for feedback on Jacob's ideas
* Will be worth contacting Jamie to see where 1st years will be at by 27th

## Session 3

Training **Wednesday 3rd November**, event on **Wednesday 10th**.

If we're going to do maths:
* Worksheets did not work, we should try something else
* SMs don't know the content so input from mentors will be important
* Need to ask module convenor (is it still Tim?) what will be covered by then
	* Also what he thinks will be most useful to recap
* Mentors will also likely need to brush up on the topics before delivering them

If we're not going to do maths:
* Maths Feedback Session?
	* Opportunity for students to talk to mentors about their thoughts on MCS1. It's the most
	  daunting module for them so giving them an informal opportunity to talk about what parts
	  they're really struggling with would be incredibly useful to give back to Tim(?)
	* This would also require a follow-up meeting where mentors discuss their findings for info to
	  be collected together and presented to Tim
	* Also depends on if Tim even wants us to do that

## How Long Do We Keep Going?

* Are we going to keep going into 2nd semester? - Needs to be answered
* If we are, what should we do?
	* Experiment with combined sessions
		* Combine into clusters like the Meet the Mentors day, deliver some useful content
		* Some SMs could give talks on various topics
	* Content ideas:
		* FSE-based things. Test-driven, behaviour-driven, pair programming. More detail than
		  Max's course. A lot of people seem to associate TDD with _only JUnit_, but it's a lot more
		  important/useful than that
		* 1hr Python introduction. Do a short lecture on Python to help with the new AI course.
		  Gives those who never learned it and didn't go to the Hacksoc event in 1st semester a
		  chance to get a head-start
		  	* Give some useful links for people to be able to follow-up
	* We need to avoid stepping on the societies' toes
		* Jacob can help with that - Archie also plans on keeping Peter in the loop so he can make
		  sure it's all good
		* Luka is part of Compsoc so can help on that front
	* Game nights. Turned out really well last year so might be worth hosting some in 1st and 2nd
	  semester. Again, might step on societies' toes though
	* Mentor events! Pub night was really fun, would be great to give back to the mentors for the
	  work they put in.

## Mentor Inclusion

- Mentors to be included in SM meetings
	- Meetings 30m max for senior mentors (probably only about 15 mins otherwise)
	- Throw link out for mentors to join, read and give feedback/questions for ~15mins
